#
# $Id: makefile,v 1.1 2009/07/31 15:34:41 a5110702 Exp $
#
.SILENT:

include ../../defines

DIR=negocio
SUBDIR=PORTABILIDADE
SRCDIR= $(BASEPATH)/$(DIR)/$(SUBDIR)/src
LIBDIR= $(BASEPATH)/$(DIR)/$(SUBDIR)/lib
INCDIR=$(BASEPATH)/$(DIR)/$(SUBDIR)/include
MSGDIR=$(BASEPATH)/$(DIR)/$(SUBDIR)/messages
SO_AUX=PORTABILIDADE

include $(HOME)/TUXEFO/modulos.env
LIBPP=$(TUXDIR_DES)/$(PORTABILIDADE_PTH)/lib


PCPP=PessoaLinhaHistoricopcPORT.pcpp PermissaoLinhaPUPpcPORT.pcpp UFpcPORT.pcpp PessoaLinhaPrepcPORT.pcpp RegistraContatopcPORT.pcpp ParametropcPORT.pcpp AcaoPortabilidadepcPORT.pcpp MiscpcPORT.pcpp ContatoFuncionalidadepcPORT.pcpp EstadoCivilpcPORT.pcpp TipoComunicacaopcPORT.pcpp CFOPpcPORT.pcpp SexopcPORT.pcpp LinhaBasepcPORT.pcpp LinhaTelefonicapcPORT.pcpp PessoaPorHistpcPORT.pcpp PessoaPortabilidadepcPORT.pcpp TipoPessoapcPORT.pcpp TipoCarteirapcPORT.pcpp TipoLinhapcPORT.pcpp TipoEnderecopcPORT.pcpp TipoDocumentopcPORT.pcpp TipoEnderecoCobrancapcPORT.pcpp PessoaContapcPORT.pcpp PessoaValorPossivelpcPORT.pcpp SistemaOrigempcPORT.pcpp LinhaContapcPORT.pcpp PessoaComunicacaopcPORT.pcpp PessoaLinhapcPORT.pcpp PessoapcPORT.pcpp PessoaFisicapcPORT.pcpp PessoaJuridicapcPORT.pcpp PessoaEnderecopcPORT.pcpp DocumentopcPORT.pcpp PessoaDeParapcPORT.pcpp FilaSetClientInfopcPORT.pcpp ContaEnderecopcPORT.pcpp PessoaDocumentopcPORT.pcpp PessoaLinhaHistoricopcPORT.pcpp
CPP=PPExceptionPORT.cpp ToolsPORT.cpp PermissaoLinhaPUPPORT.cpp UFPORT.cpp PessoaLinhaPrePORT.cpp RegistraContatoPORT.cpp ParametroPORT.cpp AcaoPortabilidadePORT.cpp MiscPORT.cpp ContatoFuncionalidadePORT.cpp EstadoCivilPORT.cpp TipoComunicacaoPORT.cpp CFOPPORT.cpp SexoPORT.cpp LinhaBasePORT.cpp LinhaTelefonicaPORT.cpp PessoaPorHistPORT.cpp PessoaPortabilidadePORT.cpp TipoPessoaPORT.cpp TipoCarteiraPORT.cpp TipoLinhaPORT.cpp TipoEnderecoPORT.cpp TipoDocumentoPORT.cpp TipoEnderecoCobrancaPORT.cpp PessoaContaPORT.cpp PessoaValorPossivelPORT.cpp SistemaOrigemPORT.cpp LinhaContaPORT.cpp PessoaComunicacaoPORT.cpp PessoaLinhaPORT.cpp PessoaPORT.cpp PessoaFisicaPORT.cpp PessoaJuridicaPORT.cpp PessoaEnderecoPORT.cpp DocumentoPORT.cpp PessoaDeParaPORT.cpp FilaSetClientInfoPORT.cpp ContaEnderecoPORT.cpp PessoaDocumentoPORT.cpp PessoaLinhaHistoricoPORT.cpp
OBJ=lib/PPExceptionPORT.o lib/ToolsPORT.o lib/PermissaoLinhaPUPpcPORT.o lib/PermissaoLinhaPUPPORT.o lib/UFpcPORT.o lib/UFPORT.o lib/PessoaLinhaPrepcPORT.o lib/PessoaLinhaPrePORT.o lib/RegistraContatopcPORT.o lib/RegistraContatoPORT.o lib/ParametropcPORT.o lib/ParametroPORT.o lib/AcaoPortabilidadepcPORT.o lib/AcaoPortabilidadePORT.o lib/MiscpcPORT.o lib/MiscPORT.o lib/ContatoFuncionalidadepcPORT.o lib/ContatoFuncionalidadePORT.o lib/EstadoCivilpcPORT.o lib/EstadoCivilPORT.o lib/TipoComunicacaopcPORT.o lib/TipoComunicacaoPORT.o lib/CFOPpcPORT.o lib/CFOPPORT.o lib/SexopcPORT.o lib/SexoPORT.o lib/LinhaBasepcPORT.o lib/LinhaBasePORT.o lib/LinhaTelefonicapcPORT.o lib/LinhaTelefonicaPORT.o lib/PessoaPorHistpcPORT.o lib/PessoaPortabilidadepcPORT.o lib/PessoaPorHistPORT.o lib/PessoaPortabilidadePORT.o lib/TipoPessoapcPORT.o lib/TipoPessoaPORT.o lib/TipoCarteirapcPORT.o lib/TipoCarteiraPORT.o lib/TipoLinhapcPORT.o lib/TipoLinhaPORT.o lib/TipoEnderecopcPORT.o lib/TipoEnderecoPORT.o lib/TipoDocumentopcPORT.o lib/TipoDocumentoPORT.o lib/TipoEnderecoCobrancapcPORT.o lib/TipoEnderecoCobrancaPORT.o lib/PessoaContapcPORT.o lib/PessoaContaPORT.o lib/PessoaLinhaHistoricopcPORT.o lib/PessoaLinhaHistoricoPORT.o lib/PessoaValorPossivelpcPORT.o lib/PessoaValorPossivelPORT.o lib/SistemaOrigempcPORT.o lib/SistemaOrigemPORT.o lib/LinhaContapcPORT.o lib/LinhaContaPORT.o lib/PessoaComunicacaopcPORT.o lib/PessoaComunicacaoPORT.o lib/PessoaLinhapcPORT.o lib/PessoaLinhaPORT.o lib/PessoapcPORT.o lib/PessoaPORT.o lib/PessoaFisicapcPORT.o lib/PessoaFisicaPORT.o lib/PessoaJuridicapcPORT.o lib/PessoaJuridicaPORT.o lib/PessoaEnderecopcPORT.o lib/PessoaEnderecoPORT.o lib/DocumentopcPORT.o lib/DocumentoPORT.o lib/PessoaDeParapcPORT.o lib/PessoaDeParaPORT.o lib/FilaSetClientInfopcPORT.o lib/FilaSetClientInfoPORT.o lib/ContaEnderecopcPORT.o lib/ContaEnderecoPORT.o lib/PessoaDocumentopcPORT.o lib/PessoaDocumentoPORT.o lib/PessoaLinhaHistoricopcPORT.o lib/PessoaLinhaHistoricoPORT.o
CUSTSO=

all: $(SUBDIR)


$(SRCDIR)/PermissaoLinhaPUPpcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaPrepcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/UFpcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/RegistraContatopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/ParametropcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/AcaoPortabilidadepcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/MiscpcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/ContatoFuncionalidadepcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/EstadoCivilpcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/TipoComunicacaopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/CFOPpcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/SexopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/LinhaBasepcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/LinhaTelefonicapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaPorHistpcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaPortabilidadepcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/TipoPessoapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/TipoLinhapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/TipoCarteirapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/TipoEnderecopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/TipoDocumentopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/TipoEnderecoCobrancapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaContapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaValorPossivelpcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/SistemaOrigempcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/LinhaContapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaComunicacaopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaFisicapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaJuridicapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaEnderecopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/DocumentopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaDeParapcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/FilaSetClientInfopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/ContaEnderecopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaDocumentopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaHistoricopcPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/PPExceptionPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
$(SRCDIR)/ToolsPORT.cpp:
	$(PROC) $*.pcpp
	

INCAUX= `echo $(CUSTSO) | awk '{ flds=split($$0,v," ");    \
                         for(i=1;i<=flds;i++)              \
                          printf("$(DESINCDIRS)/%s ",v[i]);\
                         next}'`
COMPFLAGS= -Iinclude $(PINCLUDE) $(DESINCDIRS)/$(SUBDIR) $(INCAUX) $(CFLAGS)


lib/PPExceptionPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PPExceptionPORT.cpp makefile
	if ! [ -d $(LIBDIR) ]; then mkdir $(LIBDIR); fi 
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PPExceptionPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/ToolsPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/ToolsPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/ToolsPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/LinhaContaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/LinhaContaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/LinhaContaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/LinhaContapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/LinhaContapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/LinhaContapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaFisicaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaFisicaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaFisicaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaFisicapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaFisicapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaFisicapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaJuridicaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaJuridicaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaJuridicaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaJuridicapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaJuridicapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaJuridicapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaEnderecoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaEnderecoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaEnderecoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaEnderecopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaEnderecopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaEnderecopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/DocumentoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/DocumentoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/DocumentoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/DocumentopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/DocumentopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/DocumentopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaDeParaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaDeParaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaDeParaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaDeParapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaDeParapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaDeParapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/FilaSetClientInfoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/FilaSetClientInfoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/FilaSetClientInfoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/FilaSetClientInfopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/FilaSetClientInfopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/FilaSetClientInfopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/ContaEnderecoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/ContaEnderecoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/ContaEnderecoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/ContaEnderecopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/ContaEnderecopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/ContaEnderecopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaDocumentoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaDocumentoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaDocumentoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaDocumentopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaDocumentopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaDocumentopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaLinhaHistoricoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaHistoricoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaHistoricoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaLinhaHistoricopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaHistoricopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaHistoricopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaLinhaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaLinhapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaComunicacaoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaComunicacaoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaComunicacaoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaComunicacaopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaComunicacaopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaComunicacaopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/SistemaOrigemPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/SistemaOrigemPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/SistemaOrigemPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/SistemaOrigempcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/SistemaOrigempcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/SistemaOrigempcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaValorPossivelPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaValorPossivelPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaValorPossivelPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaValorPossivelpcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaValorPossivelpcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaValorPossivelpcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaContaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaContaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaContaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaContapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaContapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaContapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoEnderecoCobrancaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoEnderecoCobrancaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoEnderecoCobrancaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoEnderecoCobrancapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoEnderecoCobrancapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoEnderecoCobrancapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoEnderecoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoEnderecoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoEnderecoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoEnderecopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoEnderecopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoEnderecopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoDocumentoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoDocumentoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoDocumentoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoDocumentopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoDocumentopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoDocumentopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoCarteiraPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoCarteiraPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoCarteiraPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoCarteirapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoCarteirapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoCarteirapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoLinhaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoLinhaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoLinhaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoLinhapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoLinhapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoLinhapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/AcaoPortabilidadePORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/AcaoPortabilidadePORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/AcaoPortabilidadePORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/AcaoPortabilidadepcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/AcaoPortabilidadepcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/AcaoPortabilidadepcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/MiscPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/MiscPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/MiscPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/MiscpcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/MiscpcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/MiscpcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/ContatoFuncionalidadePORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/ContatoFuncionalidadePORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/ContatoFuncionalidadePORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/ContatoFuncionalidadepcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/ContatoFuncionalidadepcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/ContatoFuncionalidadepcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/EstadoCivilPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/EstadoCivilPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/EstadoCivilPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/EstadoCivilpcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/EstadoCivilpcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/EstadoCivilpcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoComunicacaoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoComunicacaoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoComunicacaoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoComunicacaopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoComunicacaopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoComunicacaopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/CFOPPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/CFOPPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/CFOPPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/CFOPpcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/CFOPpcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/CFOPpcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/SexoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/SexoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/SexoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/SexopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/SexopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/SexopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/LinhaBasePORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/LinhaBasePORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/LinhaBasePORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/LinhaBasepcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/LinhaBasepcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/LinhaBasepcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/LinhaTelefonicaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/LinhaTelefonicaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/LinhaTelefonicaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/LinhaTelefonicapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/LinhaTelefonicapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/LinhaTelefonicapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaPorHistPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaPorHistPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaPorHistPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaPorHistpcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaPorHistpcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaPorHistpcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaPortabilidadePORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaPortabilidadePORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaPortabilidadePORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaPortabilidadepcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaPortabilidadepcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaPortabilidadepcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoPessoaPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoPessoaPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoPessoaPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/TipoPessoapcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/TipoPessoapcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/TipoPessoapcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/ParametroPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/ParametroPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/ParametroPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/ParametropcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/ParametropcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/ParametropcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/RegistraContatoPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/RegistraContatoPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/RegistraContatoPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/RegistraContatopcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/RegistraContatopcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/RegistraContatopcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/UFPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/UFPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/UFPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/UFpcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/UFpcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/UFpcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaLinhaPrePORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaPrePORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaPrePORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PessoaLinhaPrepcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaPrepcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PessoaLinhaPrepcPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PermissaoLinhaPUPPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PermissaoLinhaPUPPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PermissaoLinhaPUPPORT.cpp -o $*.o
lib/PermissaoLinhaPUPpcPORT.o:$(SRCDIR)/PermissaoLinhaPUPpcPORT.cpp makefile
	$(SACCPP) $(COMPFLAGS) $(SRCDIR)/PermissaoLinhaPUPpcPORT.cpp -o $*.o


#
# Link
#
$(SUBDIR): $(OBJ)
	$(SACCPP) $(PLIBPATH) $(DESLIBDIRS) \
		$(LINK) -G -o $(LIBDIR)/lib$(SO_AUX).so $(OBJ) $(FWLIB) $(PLIBPATH)

install:
	if ! [ -d $(TUXDIR_DES)/$(PORTABILIDADE_PTH) ]; then mkdir $(TUXDIR_DES)/$(PORTABILIDADE_PTH) 2> /dev/null; fi
	if ! [ -d $(LIBPP) ]; then mkdir $(LIBPP) 2> /dev/null; fi
	cp $(LIBDIR)/lib$(SO_AUX).so $(LIBPP)

clean:
	rm -f $(LIBDIR)/lib$(SO_AUX).so*
	rm -f $(OBJ)
	cd src; rm -f $(PCPP:.pcpp=.cpp); cd ..
	cd src; rm -f $(PCPP:.pcpp=.lis); cd ..
